If, For Any Reason You're Not Satisfied, I Hate You. - Sales Cleark Episode: War Is The H-Word (2x17)

Bite my shiny metal ass!

Fry: You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but don't pay you or let you go.
Turanga Leela: That's the only thing about being a slave.

I don't want to live on this planet anymore. - Farnsworth

Planet Express - Our crew is replaceable, your package isn't.

Just make a simple cake. And this time, if someone's going to jump out of it, make sure to put them in after you cook it.

There's no scientific consensus that life is important.

Turanga Leela: You just corralled a bunch of stiffs at the bus station and pocketed our money!
Bender Bending Rodriguez: True. But in the end, isn't that what Valentine's day is really all about?

When you say the human body is the most efficient thing to use as a battery, wouldn't anything make a better battery? Like a potato? Or a battery?

"You Can't Keep Boogieing Like This. You'll Come Down With A Fever Of Some Sort." - Leela

Episode: Jurassic Bark (5x02)

Now, Now, There Will Be Plenty Of Time To Discuss Your Objections When And If You Return.

Everyone, I Have A Very Dramatic Announcement. So Anyone With A Weak Heart Should Leave Now. Goodbye.

With A Warning Label This Big, You Know They Gotta' Be Fun!

It's Like A Party In My Mouth And Everybody's Throwing Up!

Oh Wait, You're Serious. Let Me Laugh Even Harder.

You Win Again Gravity.

Just Shut Up And Take My Money!

The ship's ready except for this cup holder, and I should have that done in 12 hours.

The alien mothership! If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.

I don't understand evolution, and I have to protect my kids from understanding it!

The whole world must learn of our peaceful ways...by force!

With 1/6 the gravity, two can work and be lazy at the same time. It's like being a voice actor!

Oh sure, everyone's in favor of saving Hitler's brain. But put it in the body of a Great White Shark, and suddenly, 'Oh no! You've gone too far!'

When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.

The spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised

It's water! Ordinary water!.....laced with a little bit of LSD

No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it!

Did everything just taste purple?

Wow! There's a million aliens. I've never seen anything so mind-blowing. Ooh, a reception table with muffins!

Hey! Oh! You want me to do two things? Man, I'd call my lawyer if diallin' the phone wasn't such a hassle.

We’ll soon stage an attack on technology worthy of being chronicled in an anthem by Rush!
